(One minute before the fan meeting starts!)
Choerry: Yes~ fighting!
(Kim Lip, JinSoul, and Choerry seem very happy!)
Kim Lip: Fighting!
JinSoul: Let's go!
(Kim Lip, JinSoul, and Choerry seem very happy!)
Choerry: Hey~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(LOOΠΔ's first fan meeting has started after a long wait!)
(And other members are listening the cheering from fans through their in-ear!)
HeeJin: I feel like I'm going crazy!
YeoJin: I feel like crying...
Go Won: Hey! Jeon HeeJin!
YeoJin: Come on~ the cheering is amazing!
Olivia Hye: Don't cry~
YeoJin: Don't cry, your makeup will be gone~
(They're already in emotion even thier stage doesn't start yet!)
Chuu: I feel like crying...
(They feel overwhelming emotion because they have been waiting for it so long!)
YeoJin: Don't cry~
Chuu: You okay?
Chuu: Don't cry!!
(O.E.C is performing well as always, however they don't know how the situation is going in the waiting room...)